Linux - Workouts 1 - 3 Improvements (#2096)
enkidevs/curriculum: linux/user-and-file-management/bash-environment/linux-shell-variables.md

---
author: kapnobatai136

aspects:
  - introduction

type: normal

category: must-know

tags:
  - introduction
  - linux
  - variables

---

# Variables

---
## Content

> Think of *variables* as a box. 

Reviewer: The analogy is 1-1, not N-1:

```suggestion
Think of a *variable* as a box. 
```

They are used to store information. To make them easily identifiable, you put a label on them. 

Let's try creating a variable now:

```bash
best_app="Enki"
```

> **Note:** don't add any spaces around the `=` sign or you'll get an error saying `"Command not found"`.

We've taken the `"Enki"` information, and stored it in our `best_app` box:

![variable-mental-model](https://img.enkipro.com/fa537341f3027f1cea7b76ecc3398e9d.png)

To print this variable, you'd type:

```bash

> echo $best_app
> Enki

Reviewer: For situations like this, should we maybe display the output as commented out? 

Right now it's weird because the output might actually also get syntax highlighted and become distracting.

How about we use this approach everywhere:

```suggestion
echo $best_app
# Enki
```

Otherwise, we can be explicit about the output and mention it after a sentence "this is the output"

Author: yes, I was also leaning towards commenting the output. I'll change them

```

> > **Note:** when you are referencing variables, you need to prefix a `$` sign to the variable name. Otherwise, you are only printing the name of the variable.

Reviewer: We use `$` to extract the value from the name. If we omit the `$`, we don't have just the name cause technically all we have is a string.

```suggestion
> **Note:** You need to prefix a `$` sign to the variable name to get its value
```

Also, IMHO, all of these should use an emoji:

```suggestion
> 💡You need to prefix a `$` sign to the variable name to get its value
```
